Update Sample otelcol config (#4397)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/apm/collect-application-data/open-telemetry/otel-direct.asciidoc

To learn more about these exporters, see the OpenTelemetry Collector documentation:
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/exporter/otlphttpexporter[OTLP/HTTP Exporter] or
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/exporter/otlpexporter[OTLP/gRPC exporter].

> When adding an endpoint to an existing configuration an optional name component can be added, like `otlp/elastic`, to distinguish endpoints as described in thehttps://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/configuration/#basics[OpenTelemetry Collector Configuration Basics].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding an endpoint to an existing configuration an optional name component can be added, like `otlp/elastic`, to distinguish endpoints as described in the https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/configuration/#basics[OpenTelemetry Collector Configuration Basics].
```
